c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll.config
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
c:\users\jwengab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.1\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\afterlab4\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\lab4.3\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._csc.exe
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._vbc.exe
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.pdb
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.AspNetIdentity.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labafter4.0\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.AspNetIdentity.pdb
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._csc.exe
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._vbc.exe
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.AspNetIdentity.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.pdb
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.AspNetIdentity.pdb
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\lab5.1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._csc.exe
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._vbc.exe
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.AspNetIdentity.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.pdb
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.AspNetIdentity.pdb
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\Jacqueline\Desktop\labs\lab5.2\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._csc.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._vbc.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.AspNetIdentity.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.AspNetIdentity.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Activity1\lab4.3\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._csc.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._vbc.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.AspNetIdentity.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.AspNetIdentity.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Downloads\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._csc.exe
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._vbc.exe
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.AspNetIdentity.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.pdb
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.AspNetIdentity.pdb
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\sgaoae\Desktop\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._csc.exe
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._vbc.exe
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.AspNetIdentity.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.pdb
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.AspNetIdentity.pdb
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Hyouka\Desktop\Visual_Studio_Workspace\COMP3111Project\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._csc.exe
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._vbc.exe
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.AspNetIdentity.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.pdb
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.AspNetIdentity.pdb
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\GAO Shenlai\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._csc.exe
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._vbc.exe
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.AspNetIdentity.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.pdb
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.AspNetIdentity.pdb
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\git\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._csc.exe
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._vbc.exe
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.AspNetIdentity.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.pdb
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.AspNetIdentity.pdb
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\xzengaf\Desktop\final107\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._csc.exe
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._vbc.exe
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.AspNetIdentity.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.pdb
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.AspNetIdentity.pdb
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\sgaoae.CSD\Desktop\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._csc.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._vbc.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.AspNetIdentity.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.AspNetIdentity.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._csc.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._vbc.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\._VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.AspNetIdentity.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\IdentityManager.AspNetIdentity.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.dll
C:\Users\jwengab\Desktop\Team107\T107final(high)\COMP3111_PROJECT\HKeInvestWebApplication\HKeInvestWebApplication\obj\Debug\HKeInvestWebApplication.pdb
